hey everyone so when I was thinking
about my back to school videos I was
thinking about all the things that
stressed me out when I'm back to school
and all the things that kind of focused
on it for me it was like a fresh start
and I took it as a chance to keep my
skin in good shape my makeup in good
shape my outfits in good shape so I
thought I'd share with you my
back-to-school skincare routine and
makeup removal routine if you call it
that
this is what I do I prepare in September
and try and do for most of the year even
though it probably ended up with me to
shoes and some makeup wipes by like
Christmas but this is what I try and
keep up first of all and talked about
makeup removal now you can't really
remove your makeup very easily without
cleansing white so I have these ones
from boots I love the simple ones as
well but these are a lot cheaper and
these are just really good if you're
very tired after day of school and you
just want to get it all off but I
honestly find these quite a lot of work
so something that I prefer to use is a
deep cleansing milk and this is the one
from soap & Glory it smells amazing and
this is in the peaches and clean scent
so it's very kind of creamy and lovely
it feels amazing on your face and why do
I like my face a little bit and then I
grabbed two pumps of this rub it in my
hand rub it all over my face and on my
eyes and it gets waterproof mascara off
it gets all my makeup off and then I go
over with these and there's still makeup
on so I'm getting all the gross stuff
out and making sure that I don't break
out I know for a lot of people wearing
makeup to school isn't essential it's
all about confidence and making you feel
better about yourself so taking it off
is also a big thing because you don't
want to break out that's just stretch
you do not need so I also like to use
the total drama clean 5:01 micellar
water and this is also certain glory
just by coincidence that's the one I'm
using in a minute and so what I do my
usual routine is I wet my face I use the
cleansing milk the name grab this
micellar water put it in my hands rub it
all over my face to my faces down this
one actually ladders up a little bit so
it is quite kind of soapy then I'll grab
my cleansing white and just kind of go
over grab
I'll make sure you get your neck because
if you blend foundation down your neck
you do not want to forget that and then
I feel really really clean and fresh and
finish everything off I love my simple
kind of skin pore minimizing tawny
cleanser this prevents spots for me I've
got quite a spotty time at the minute
for me I have one hair on her like one
hand no it's because I stopped using
this which it's really weird because I
it's one of the things that I don't
notice makes a difference until I stop
using it
I definitely recommend this it lasts
forever although this particular one is
really hard to get hold off for some
reason and the final thing is a
moisturizer the one Jake and I've been
using at the minute is the cure ultra
facial cream this is so thick and
luxurious probably not great if you have
oily skin and but for those who are
normal and dry it is amazing it's just
really really thick and it honestly
makes your face feel so amazing I put on
a night wake from the morning my skin
just feels really lovely and it's also a
very good way to prep your face for
makeup so that's kind of my skincare
routine once I'm home from school
I and type of persons take my makeup off
as soon as I get in and then before bed
I'll probably just wash my face with a
wipe again but yeah so onto how I deal
with spots I've had a lot of questions
about these recently and it's the face
masks that I use so to deal with spots I
use face masks I use them as spot
treatments so I will grab the face mask
I will just dab it on the areas that I
have a problem and I'll leave it and I
feel like I kind of dehydrates a spot
and gets rid of it and so I really
really like the body shop seaweed iconic
claim mask so this is one of them that
I've been using these are quite flaky
but they're really really good and then
the other one is that blue mask which
Kyle it's white on camera but I promise
in person it's blue
in all the photos of taking it looks
white and people like Emery boy oh yeah
blue mask and that's this one this one
of tingles a little bit so it actually
feels like it's doing something but this
is also really really good they're both
deep cleansing once they get inside your
pores but one I used to use for school
all the time was the modern how you
pronounce the brown it's a face mask
brand that everyone used to use you can
get like 99
um Primark boots it's like mum I don't
know open up the screen but there was a
chocolate orange warming mask and I had
this in a pot and because you can get
pots of some of them cost me about five
pounds I used to spot treatment this I
had the same one for like two years
because it didn't run out and it was
amazing I used to sleep in it then I'd
wake up in the morning and it'll go I
never really gotten Sudha cram height
for spots because I found that face
masks work really really well and
another trick that I use to keep my skin
fresh is using exfoliating gloves
obviously use them very carefully
I find this gets all the dead skin off
leaves you with a really really nice
surface to apply makeup or just really
really healthy skin and finally one
thing I would do before I went to bed
this is literally just as I got into bed
I would use the Garnier body summer body
moisturizer this is a gradual tan
moisturizer and it works if you put this
on your arms it will probably go patchy
or make sure you wash your hands off as
I made that mistake but if you put a
little bit of this on rub it around
through your fingers all over your face
and probably your neck is a good idea as
well before you go to bed when you wake
up in the morning you'll look so much
better you don't look tired you don't
look like it's 7 a.m. on a school
morning your face looks like you just
got back from holiday the first time I
use this I remember I walked in here
straight and my teacher Tyrone went oh
Emily have you been on holiday and I was
just like no so this I've been talking
about this on my channel so long I have
to use it recently just because I
haven't really needed to exist in summer
but this is a lifesaver when you have
kind of a tired face if you're like me
and when you get tired your face goes
really pale and kind of white then this
is really really good so every hope you
found those tips useful and kind of
helpful to keep your skin healthy for
the start of school really hope you're
enjoying my back-to-school week and I
see very racy bye